gh-112328: Document EnumDict in docs and release notes (#121720)
python/cpython: Doc/library/enum.rst

Module Contents
---------------

   :class:`EnumDict`

>       An enum class :class:`dict` that tracks order and enforces unique member names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      A subclass of :class:`dict` that tracks order and enforces unique member names.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I understand that this is used by ``EnumType``, but I don't think it should go first in the list, unless it is expected to be very widely used. I would suggest the end of the list as it is new? Also ensure that you update the `versionadded` directives at the end of the list with this new class.

----------

.. class:: EnumDict

>    *EnumDict* is used by *EnumType* to keep track of the enum member orders and prevent reusing the member names.

Reviewer: I would start by saying what it is, not what it's used for.

Ideally the documentation should also say something about when you would use this and why. I don't know why you would use it though, so I can't help with writing that explanation.

   .. attribute:: EnumDict.member_names

      Return list of member names.

   .. method:: EnumDict.__setitem__(self, key, value)

      Set any item as an enum member that is not dundered and not a descriptor.

   .. method:: EnumDict.update(self, members, **more_members)

      Update the dictionary from the given iterable or dictionary members and more_members.

> 
>    *EnumType* is the :term:`metaclass` for *enum* enumerations.  It is possible
>    to subclass *EnumType* -- see :ref:`Subclassing EnumType <enumtype-examples>`
>    for details.
> 
> .. class:: EnumType
> 

Reviewer 3: Looks like you moved this to the wrong place in the document. Let's restore its original placing:
```suggestion

.. class:: EnumType

   *EnumType* is the :term:`metaclass` for *enum* enumerations.  It is possible
   to subclass *EnumType* -- see :ref:`Subclassing EnumType <enumtype-examples>`
   for details.

```

----------

.. class:: EnumDict

>    *EnumDict* is a subclass of :class:`dict` that keeps track of the order of enum members and prevents reusing member names. Use *EnumDict* when member names must be unique and their order needs to be preserved.
> 

Reviewer 2: Perhaps you can provide an example in a code block of when using `EnumDict` is different from a plain `dict`?

```suggestion
   *EnumDict* is a subclass of :class:`dict` that keeps track of
   the order of enum members and prevents reusing member names.
   Use *EnumDict* when member names must be unique
   and their order needs to be preserved.

   .. versionadded:: 3.14

```

----------

> .. class:: EnumType

Reviewer 4: Please put this line back in :)
